Mom, why are you here?
Rice noodles, come here.
Mom wants to talk to you
Mom, what's the matter?
It's the following.
Your dad suddenly feels sorry for you
I want to take you back to the Dong family to make up for you
He hates me so much.
I feel like I should be humiliated exclusively
Kill my mother-in-law
Take my son
He will feel sorry for me
And he's old now.
Mom also persuaded him a lot
He knew it was wrong.
It's family after all.
Blood is thicker than water
Just forgive him
But my husband must not have died in vain
Mom misses you every day
Now I have a chance to miss you
Don't you even want your mother?
Mom, I'm going back
Mom
What, come to grandma's house later?
OK
What are you doing here with the owner?